[gulls squawking]
[birds twittering]
[sighs]
Good morning.
Did you have any dreams?
Mm-mmm.
[whirring]
I never remember my dreams.
You have plans today?
Uh-uh.
Don't think I don't notice.
You coming and going
and Trotskying
all over the place.
Staying out all night.
I stayed at my friend's.
I can come and go
as I please.
I'm not asking to be
Velcroed to your hip.
I just think it would be nice
to go out together in public
every once in a while.
[whirring]
Do I make you happy?
You do.
** [theme]
I told you everybody would
have wacky hair except us.
Uh, no. Actually, you were
worried that no one would.
So you made me wash it out
and then put it back
and then wash it out again.
Because you only had
one dumb barrette
and silver spray
that hurt my eyes.
All right, well, I have
the moose ears and the crown,
if you wanna wear
the moose ears and the crown.
It's just a stupid hat.
It's not stupid hat day.
- Okay.
- You're the worst--
- Thank you. Bye. Thank you.
- Stuart, nice.
- Come, like, around six?
- Poppy?
- Yeah?
- Hi. Good morning.
Um, regarding Wacky Hair Day.
The thing is,
kids are naturally anxious
about their appearance
just really on any given day,
so to disrupt the routine,
you know,
a routine that some of us
are barely hanging on to
just to get them dressed
and out the door
and get the snack made
and get the lunch made
and get the sunscreen on
and get them in the car
and get them here on time,
and then you, kind of,
add this, um, lunatic
wacky hair wrench
into the works--
- Sarah, are you okay?
- Uh, no.
No. I--
I'm a single parent now.
- And I don't--
- Okay. Come on.
I don't know how anybody
does anything.
I know how hard it is, okay?
Spirit Week is a wonderful
but intense time
for all of us.
Pajama Day,
Favorite Superhero Day,
- the "Gayla," it's--
- Oh, fuck. The Gala.
- "Gayla."
- The Gala.
What's up, dude? Oh!
- Hey.
- Sorry. Uh--
- No, it's okay.
- Do your thing.
- I'll be right out.
- Okay. Yeah.
I just busted Colton,
and he was, like, praying,
like, all on his knees
with his hands clasped.
It was like one of those
Precious Moments figurines
in there.
That's a way to do it.
It was a little embarrassing.
I pray.
Right. Of course.
Um, you are a rabbi.
And you, um--
You do that?
I guess--
At my old house, I had,
like, a cushion,
and I just kind of...
had a special place,
and I made it a point
every morning
- and evening, and--
- Do you have an area here?
No.
- No, I've been slacking off.
- Slacking?
We gotta get you,
like, a setup
with a cushion
and the whole thing, right?
I'm-- Yeah, 'cause
I guess I'm not
an on-your-knees
kind of a gal.
- Hey, what's up?
- We were just talking
about how awesome it is that
you have a spiritual practice,
- and how I have one as well.
- Yeah, that's great.
Yeah, I mean,
the both of you guys.
I'm, like, the heathen
up in this house.
- No, you're not.
- Please don't say that.
You're a spiritual person.
You just don't have
- a practice--
- A practice. Yeah.
...that's personal.
What kind of stuff
do you pray about?
Oh, I pray for you guys,
for the pregnancy, obviously,
um, my family back
in Overland Park,
and Rita a lot.
Recently, ever since
I moved in with you guys,
I don't know,
something hasn't been
sitting right with her.
Um...
- All right, let's do this.
- Yeah, okay.
- Let's do this!
- All right.
The people in my group
at the LGBT center,
they say that you have
to have a letter
if you're
gonna physically--
We don't
need that anymore.
Oh, I didn't
know that.
Well,
that's progress.
I'd like to begin you
on a low dose
of a testosterone blocker.
- Not the Lupron?
- Yes, well, yes.
Because Medicare
might not cover Lupron.
I have Blue Cross.
I have a PPO.
I gave them--
that person at the desk.
Okay, then.
Are you sexually active?
Yes, somewhat.
I mean, I would like--
- I want to do more.
- Okay.
What kind of sex
are you having?
Do you top or bottom?
I really--
Actually, Doctor,
I don't understand...
the sexual position--
What does that have
to do with my health?
Hormone treatment
may prevent you from
sustaining an erection.
- I didn't know that.
- Do you plan on
getting breasts?
Two, please.
Do you plan on undergoing
gender reassignment surgery?
I'm gonna have to get back
to you on that one.
Mrs. Pfefferman,
do yourself a favor
and get to know your body.
Cute nose.
Say we live together
when we're old
at a place like this--
It's not as depressing
as it seems--
Bunks or side-by-side?
- Bunks.
- What?
- I want the bottom.
- Okay.
Hi. Hi, Rose.
Hi, it's Ali.
Your granddaughter Ali.
We haven't seen each other
in a really long time.
Rose, do you remember me?
Gershon.
You're here.
[both laughing]
- Yeah!
- Whoo!
Told you about that!
So, look, I was thinking
about what you said
this morning
about Rita and stuff.
I was thinking we should
have her over for dinner.
We can, like, make her a part
of our bigger family, right?
Yeah.
- That'd be good?
- Yeah. Yeah.
So they say the first step
is asking for help,
so help.
I'm just like--
I've never really seen a rab--
I'm not really usually
into the whole rabbi thing.
'Cause it's, like,
mostly guys with beards
that creep me out,
but, I don't know,
you're cool.
Cool rabbi.
There's so much stuff
going on at school.
And every time I go there,
I wanna go hide in a corner.
- Yeah.
- It's like I am family-less
so they don't know
what to do with me.
Don't care
about those moms.
Everyone feels like
they're on the outside.
Not just you.
You're happy.
How did you get to be
so happy?
- I'm not happy all the time.
- You seem pretty happy.
Like, every time I see you,
you're pretty--
I'm as confused
and complicated
as any other person.
- Really?
- Yes.
You're like so--
Just go, just easy.
I mean, I can just
talk to you as...
as, like, a friend
right now and not--
Yeah! Oh, my God!
Please.
- Rita...
- [chuckles]
- No, I mean, it's like--
- No, I'm sorry.
- I got a Rita in my life.
- Yeah, of course.
And it's becoming
very obvious that,
if...
we want Colton,
which he does,
which we do,
then we're also
going to get Rita.
[crowd chatters]
What do you mean?
You said he was already
giving us that date.
Jesus. Yeah. Okay.
Speak to you Monday.
Fucking judges.
So fucking judgmental.
- Sorry.
- No.
Let me know
if you need anything else.
Orrin, can you
just leave it open?
I'm gonna have another sunser
and, um,
and one for, um...
- the lawyer is it?
- Oh!
- 'Cause I think, um--
- Thank you.
- ...you need something.
You need a little relief.
- I do.
- I do. Thank you.
- You're very welcome.
What kind of
lawyer are you?
Uh, probate.
- Oh.
- You? You an attorney?
No, but I follow
the law to a "T".
- [laughs]
- You have a nice laugh.
- Oh.
- Here you go.
- Here. Cheers.
- Cheers.
- To a better day.
- Thank you.
- I'm Maura.
- Hi. Cynthia.
Hi.
Could we have a menu
for the tapas?
Let's have some tapas.
- We can share some.
- Oh, no.
No, no, no, I'm good.
No, please.
I don't want to eat.
In fact,
I'm gonna get a table,
'cause I need
to really spread out.
But thank you.
I just-- I have a laptop
and all this stuff,
so I'm gonna--
Would you see
if there's a table?
- Yeah.
- Thank you.
Can I have my check, please?
Can I have the check?
I'm gonna go,
and you're gonna stay.
- No, it's fine.
- No, no, no.
I need a table anyway.
I'm going.
You're staying.
You're gonna have a nice day.
You deserve it.
- And, um--
- I'm sorry,
I don't mean to be rude.
I just wanna be at a table
and spread out and do the work.
- That's all.
- I got it.
- Have a nice night.
- Thank you, Orrin.
** [rock]
Hi. Sarah Pfefferman.
Um, P-F.
Hmm.
I don't see you here.
Sarah Novak?
I have a Len Novak
plus one.
- Yeah, that's me.
- But they are already
checked in.
Fuck.
Poppy!
- Mama! Hello!
- Hi.
- These fuckers
are 25 bucks apiece.
- Okay.
- Put the stubs in the bucket.
- Put the bucket on.
- Okay. It's very festive.
- Please try to sell half.
- I got it. Okay.
- It's for the children.
- I got it.
Children, tickets,
25 dollars each.
Hey, you want
some raffle tickets?
Nobody forced you to do it.
Hi, Sarah. Hi.
- Hi. How are you?
- Hi, Melanie.
I'm good.
How are you?
- I'm good.
- Nice to see you.
I'm selling raffle tickets.
Do you guys want some?
Hey, did you notice
a stain on the rug
when you were
at the house last week?
No. No, that's so--
It's probably, like, kid's
tempera.
It'll come out.
Melanie's missing
an eye shadow palette.
- A what?
- An eye shadow palette.
Eye shadow palette.
That's so weird.
What's that?
I've never heard of that.
What's an
eye shadow palette?
It's a case
with all the colors.
Wow. That must be why
your eyes are so pretty,
- 'cause you have
all the colors.
- It's $485.
- That's expensive.
- It's not important.
- It's fine.
- I hope you find it.
- Okay, thank you. Bye.
- Okay, bye.
Excuse me.
Can I just get
a drink, please?
Thank you. Okay.
[doorbell chimes]
Raquel:
She's here!
Please come in.
Hi! Here's your boy.
Oh, this feels good.
It's great to see everybody.
I would have
brought a bottle.
Oh, please,
no worries.
- Anything, we've got, um--
- I didn't have enough time.
We could sit, or do--
- Or I could have brought a--
- Snacks--
- No, we're good.
- Oh, you know, pizza's here.
- So why don't we just--
- Good, good, good.
Good idea. Yeah, yeah.
Good. Here, go ahead.
But--
I saw spores around--
around the basement.
- Spores?
- Yeah.
Sort of like
hairy little animals
but they're kind of pretty.
- It's not black mold.
- Oh, I don't know.
'Cause it's like nothing
I've seen before.
Everybody thinks
it's black mold.
It's probably not.
Trust me.
- How do you know that?
- Is it on the sink side?
I'm telling you.
Is it on the sink side
or the fridge side?
- It's on the fridge side.
- It's probably not.
I think it would be terrific if
you came over and took a look.
- Um...
- That sounds like
a professional,
like a professional
should be--
Yeah, we'll call somebody
and we'll get them to come.
I'll call somebody out.
I'll Yelp it.
I don't want strangers
in my house.
- I have to clean then.
- I could help out.
Maybe I could
take a look at it.
You just tell me
what to do.
You don't know anything
about black mold.
I'd love to learn.
You know?
[humming]
* One child grows up
to be somebody *
* That just loves to learn *
* And another child
grows up to be somebody *
* You just love to burn *
What are you doing?
* Mom loves the both of them *
* You see,
it's in the blood *
Sly and the Family Stone.
* It's a family affair *
- Oh.
- Come on, sing. Yeah?
I heard it on the radio
this morning.
I thought it was apropos.
* It's a family affair *
Okay, all right,
that's enough.
That's enough.
Okay, party pooper.
Okay. Dessert.
Who wants some dessert?
Raquel made a beautiful
peach pie with some--
No, no, no, keep it here.
I'll take it home.
I'll box it up.
Yeah, okay,
that's great.
I love whipped cream.
Yeah, I love
whipped cream, too.
That woman is bat shit
fucking crazy.
I don't want her
in this house.
I-- We will never
do this again.
I swear to God.
It's just for Colton.
Just for Colton?
I think Gershon
was Rose's brother.
But it's all very murky.
They don't tell me anything.
But where are they from?
Poland? Lithuania?
My people,
we are from Latvia.
My people
came from Germany--
Berlin, and then
left in the 30s.
That's Weimar.
That's like "Cabaret."
But I think they were,
like, Polish peasants
before they
got to Berlin.
I need to get some family
deets into this essay.
She only accepts three
grad students a year.
I need to knock
those boxers off of Leslie.
One.
Welcome to the Institute
for Sexual Research,
where we believe that
wide range of sexualities,
including homosexuality,
are normal.
Cross-dressers,
transvestites
hermaphrodites,
everyone is welcome here.
Open-minded folks
such as yourselves
can understand the need
for a safe haven
for those of us who
are neither male nor female
as you understand them.
And this is our fearless leader,
Dr. Magnus Hirschfeld.
You might also think of him
as the Isaac Newton of sex.
Our hospital wing
is downstairs.
But for now,
follow me to the library.
So now that she's dead,
I just feel like you have
all these redhead girls
running around town
trying to pay an homage,
but to me
it's not an homage,
it's highway robbery.
Do you see them?
They're doing exactly
what she did.
They're not changing.
[both speak Hebrew]
Sit down. Chocolate?
You look skinny.
- We need money.
- Why?
- Dad left.
- What do you mean,
just gone?
He left.
And Mom wants to go find Dad
in American states.
And we need money
for boat tickets
and a bribe for the visas.
Oh, my God.
This shit is fascinating.
Did you know there is such
a thing as inherited trauma
in your actual DNA?
No, I did not.
They did this study
on bunnies
where they give them
electric shocks
where they were smelling
cherry blossoms
and the bunnies' babies
and their babies,
the grandbabies, they were
all afraid of cherry blossoms.
That's a really mean thing
to do to bunnies.
So it's like the bunnies
were in the cage watching
while their grandparents
got shocked?
No, they weren't
even born yet.
They weren't
even conceived yet.
They weren't even a twinkle
in the grandma bunny's eyes.
- It was inherited in their DNA.
- Okay.
It's incredible.
It's called epigenetics.
Wait.
Say that again.
But slower.
Epigenetics.
Yeah, like that.
- Epigenetics.
- Yeah.
Epigenetics.
Like that butt up in the air.
Thanks for being my study buddy
and coming to the library.
You're welcome.
Can I get you to wear these
husky plus waist sized jeans?
- Who you calling husky plus?
- [chuckles]
** [rock]
Looking at
two more minutes
to buy those raffle tickets!
Just two!
I'm sorry, Poppy,
I could only sell six.
I really need you to sell,
like, 19 more, though.
Look, I tried, okay?
Everyone's bought them,
or I don't know what.
Yeah, I know, sorry.
We're trying to get
organic school lunches.
Okay, you know what?
Okay, okay, okay.
I get it, I get it! Okay?
I will buy them myself.
I'll just buy the 19,
and you can just put it
on my credit card.
Take that.
Why don't
I fill them out?
Okay? I'll just take these,
and I'll fill them out.
- Okay. Thank you.
- Want a balloon?
Oh. God.
You're kind of ignoring me.
You don't have to do that.
You can just totally
hang out with me,
and it would be
a lot more fun.
What is this?
Is that a neck tattoo?
I am becoming.
You know, becoming.
It's got, like,
a double entendre.
You're drunk again,
aren't you?
I have something I need
to tell you.
- Why are you drinking?
- I need to tell you something.
What do you have to tell me?
I need to take you in the thing.
Take my balloon.
You gotta come with me.
Come on. Come on. Come on.
I got my name in
under the wire.
I am now officially
a candidate
for president
of the condo board.
Screw Rosalie Roman.
Oh, my God.
Look at me.
I'm a real live politician.
You didn't like it.
Oh.
Turkey meatballs were dry.
I should have cracked an egg.
I knew I should have
cracked an egg.
I said to myself, "Shelly--"
But you know what?
I didn't want to
spend the money.
Is something wrong?
You want your coffee?
- What?
- You want me to warm it up?
Here.
- Let's watch some television.
- Okay.
Here. What do you
wanna watch?
I don't know.
You decide, okay?
Okay. You want news
or something with a story?
No, I-- You decide.
Okay.
- [TV on]
- Ooh, let's see.
Ooh, that's--
What do you say?
Oh, "Dancing With The Stars."
- [TV plays]
- All right.
Oh, I don't know.
What do you think?
This is "Scandal."
What do you want?
I don't know.
I'm not sure.
I don't know what
I'm in the mood for.
I can't tell.
All right.
Oh, I like this.
This is good.
Is this good for you?
Stop worrying
what's good for me, okay?
I'm fine.
What do you want?
Just choose something, okay?
Just make a choice.
Make yourself happy,
What did you
want to tell me?
What--
I don't think this is okay.
What are we--
Stop. What-- I can't--
- What the--
- What?
Stop. Stop, stop, stop.
- What do you mean?
- Stop. I can't do this.
Woman on P.A.:
And the winner
is Sarah Pfefferman!
[applause]
Wait. What is that?
Did you hear that?
Someone's calling your name.
Woman on P.A.:
Sarah?
Here she is!
You won!
You won the raffle!
[applause]
Come on! Congratulations!
- It's the TV!
- Oh, God.
Okay. And you don't have
to take it home with you.
We will deliver it.
I have, like, a really
small apartment, though.
I don't even--
You can go down now.
- I don't really--
- Yeah.
It's okay.
- Okay.
- [applause]
Let's give her a hand.
The winner
of the six sessions
with life coach
Laura Milton Kaufberger is...
Sarah P!
Sarah, you won again!
Oh, that is so fixed!
- Come on up!
- So fixed!
- I don't-- Why--
- She can't win twice in a row!
- Do you wanna just,
like, maybe, um--
- Totally--
...pick it-- draw again?
'Cause I already--
I mean, if you wanna pick
somebody else.
I really don't need
a life coach session.
- No, she's great.
- I don't really care
if she's good.
- I don't want
the life coach sessions.
- No, I need you to take this.
I don't need-- I'm not fucking
taking the life coach sessions!
Just fucking take it.
Yeah, okay, that's fine,
I'll take it, thank you.
- Thank you.
- [applause]
** [piano]
** [continues]
** [fades]